# skicka.pwy.io:99

Skicka (from Swedish _send_) allows to send files between machines - no
installation required!

Just pipe your stuff through `curl`:

```
cat your-file.txt | curl -sT - skicka.pwy.io:99

# or even:

echo 'Hello, World!' | curl -sT - skicka.pwy.io:99
```

... note down the link and run `curl` or `wget` on the target machine:

```
curl http://skicka.pwy.io:99/foo-bar > your-file.txt

# or:

wget http://skicka.pwy.io:99/foo-bar
```

Alternatively, if your target machine doesn't have those tools, but it does have
a web browser, you can pass a file name when uploading it:

```
cat your-file.txt | curl -sT - 'skicka.pwy.io:99?name=your-file.txt'
```

... and then simply open the link returned by that command in your web browser -
it will download the file as a regular attachment.

## How it works

Skicka is a proxy - when you run `cat | curl`, it doesn't store the file but
rather keeps the TCP connection alive and then forwards it when you download the
file on the target machine.

It's very much like magic-wormhole, just installation-free!

This also means that links generated by Skicka are one-shot - you can't download
the same file twice (unless you run another `cat | curl`, of course).

## Why

Many times I've had to transfer files between non-developer Linux <-> Windows
machines, where installing Python tools was not an easy task, and hence 
zero-installation Skicka.

## Roadmap

- A simple web interface so that it's possible to transmit files without using
  terminal.

## Limits

- 8 GB maximum file size,

- 5 minutes between running `cat | curl` and starting to download the file
  (note that the download itself _can_ take longer, it's just that you must 
  start the downloading within 5 minutes, otherwise the connection will get
  closed).

Note that those limits pertain only the public instance at `skicka.pwy.io:99` -
you can change the limits (passed through command-line arguments) if you want to
launch a self-hosted instance.

## Self-hosting

All options have reasonable defaults, so just running the executable should do
it:

```
cargo run --release
```

You might want to adjust the listening port:

```
cargo run --release -- --listen 0.0.0.0:80
```

... or maybe specify the motto (present when someone does `GET /`):

```
cargo run --release -- --motto "good say, sir! :3\r\n"
```

## License

MIT License

Copyright (c) 2023 Patryk Wychowaniec
